Stability Patterns
* Improve the service's stability and the larger system that they are part of.

**************************************************************************************

**Circuit Breaker**
* Degrades service functions in response to a likely fault.
* Temporarily ceases to execute requests.
* Prevents larger/cascading failures by eliminating recurring errors and providing reasonable error responses.

**Applicability**
* Service failures inevitable: misconfigurations, database crashes, network partitions, etc.
* If not done can lead to:
    * Wastage of resources.
    * Obscuring the source of original failure.
    * Cascading failures. 

**Participants**
* Circuit: The function that interacts with the service.
* Breaker: A closure with the same function signature as circuit.

**Implementation**
* The circuit breaker is just a specialized Adapter pattern.
* Breaker wraps circuit to add some additional error handling logic.
* Breaker takes circuit as input parameter and returns a circuit.
* We'll later review why exponential backoff isn't the ideal algorithm.

**************************************************************************************

**Debounce**
* Limits the frequency of a function invocation so that only the first or last in a cluster of calls is actually performed.

**Applicability**
* Scenario: When we are performing a series of potentially slow or costly operations where only one would do.
* This technique has been used in JS world for years. Examples:
    * Spam clicking a button to find that all requests after the first request got ignored.
    * Autocomplete pop-up only displays after you stop typing.
* In backend, can be used to retrieve some slowly updating remote resource without bogging down, wasting both client and server time with wasteful resources.
* It is similar to throttling. Difference is that while debounce restricts clusters of invocations, throttle simply limits according to time period.

**Participants**
Circuit: The function to regulate.
Debounce: A closure with the same function signature as circuit.

**Implementation**
* Two approaches:
    * Function-first
    * Function-last

* Function-first:
    * On each call to the function, a time interval is set(regardless of the outcome).
    * Any subsequent  call made before the time interval expires is ignored.
    * We ensure thread safety by using mutex locks. Any overlapping calls will wait for the cached result to be available.
    * Each call will reset the threshold timeout so that call is made exactly once for a series of call.
    * DebounceFirst returns cached result while Breaker returns an error.

* Function-last: 
    * More common in FE services like autocomplete.
    * Uses time.Ticker to determine if enough time has passed since function was last calle.d
    * Creating a time.Ticker for every call could be expensive if the number of calls are large. We use sync.Once to ensure that it is created only once.
    * If there are N consecutive call made with time gap < d, then only after the Nth call would the circuit be called.

**************************************************************************************

**Retry**
* Retry accounts for possible transient fault in a distributed system by transparently retrying a failed operation.

**Applicability**
* Transient errors are a fact of life when working with complex distributed systems.
* Could be due to:
    * Protective strategies like throttling that temporarily rejects requests under high workload.
    * Adaptive strategies like autoscaling that can add capacity when needed.
* Failing to account for transient failures can lead to a system that's unnecessarily brittle.

**Implementation**
* Works similarly to Circuit Breaker or Debounce ==> closures + passes and returns the same type.
* Not included here, but retry logic will include some sort of a backoff algorithm.

**************************************************************************************

**Throttle**
* Throttle limits the frequency of a function call to some max. no. of invocations per unit of time. Examples:
    * User allowed only 10 service requests per second.
    * A client may restrict itself to call a particular function once every 500 ms.
    * An account may be allowed only 3 failed attempts in a 24h period.
    * Most common reason is to account for sharp activity spikes that could saturate the system with expensive requests, or lead to service degradation and eventually failure.
* Difference b/w Throttle and Debounce
    * Debounce focuses on cluster of activity and ensures it's called exactly once.
    * Throttle operates strictly on unit of time.

**Implementation**
* Token bucket is the most common implementation.
* When a function is called, a token is taken from the bucket, which then refills at a fixed rate.
* Ways of treating in case of insufficient token in the bucket:
    * Return an Error(most common). eg. 429 status code(RESTful)
    * Replay the response of the last successful function call: Can be useful if it's expected to give the same result when called too soon. More common in JS world.
    * Enqueue the request when sufficient tokens are available: This is more complex and requires extra care to be taken to ensure that the memory isn't exhausted.
* The bucket is initially allocated maxTokens tokens and it's the max the bucket can handle.
* At every d duration, refillCount tokens are added.
* With every request, the tokenCount decreases.

**************************************************************************************

**Timeout**
* 1st fallacy of Distribute system ==> network is unreliable.
* Timeout allows a process to stop waiting for an answer when it's clear that an answer may not be coming.
* Proper use of timeouts provides fault isolation, prevents cascading failures and reduces the chance that a problem in the downstream service becomes your problem.

**Participants**
* Client, SlowFunction, Timeout(wrapper).

**Implementation**
* Idiomatic way in Go is to use the context package.
* Ideally any long running function should accept a context as the first argument.
    ctx := context.Background()
    ctxt, cancel := context.WithTimeout(ctx, 10 * time.Second)
    defer cancel()

    result, err := SomeFunction(ctxt)

* That can't always be done as there could be 3rd party packages that don't accept a context value.
* If we were to call it directly, we'll have to wait till it gives us a result.
* Instead we can call it in a goroutine. If we get the result in an acceptable time period, we use it, else we move on it it doesn't.
* We'll use context.Context for timeouts, channels for communicating results, and select to catch whichever acts first.
* Our Timeout method will take a SlowFunction(which doesn't contain context) and returns a function in which a context can be supplied for timeout.
* Context timeouts are the preferred way but we can also use channel timeouts which are implemented by using time.After function.