* We'll focus on one of the most common techniques used to guard against message manipulation - Encryption.

Transport Layer Security
* Most common use - HTTPS => HTTP over TLS.
* Message encrypted using public-key cryptography.
* Both parties have their own key pair. Includes a public key that's freely given out and a private key that's known only to its owner.
* Anybody can use a public key to encrypt a message but it can only be decrypted with the corresponding private key.
* 2 parties that wish to communicate can exchange their public keys, which can be used to secure all the subsequent communication in a way that can only be read by the owner of the intended recipient who holds the corresponding private key.

**Certificates, Certificate Authorities and Trust**
* It's not enough for a service to simply provide a public key. Instead every public key is associated with a digital signature used to prove the ownership of a key.
* The certificate must be digitally signed and authenticated by a certificate authority => a trusted entity that issues digital certificates.
* Subject of the certificate has to match the domain name of the service the client is trying to connect to.
    * This helps to ensure that the certificate that you are using are valid and haven't been swapped by a man-in-the-middle.

**Privacy Enhanced Mail(PEM) File Format**
* PEM is base64 encoded, hence viewable in a text editor, and even safe to paste into the body of an email message.
* Often .pem files will come in a pair, representing a complete key pair: 
    * cert.pem => The server certificate including the CA-signed public key.
    * key.pem  => A private key, not to be shared.

**Securing our web services with HTTPS** 
* How do we acheive this?
    * One way might be to put a reverse proxy in front of our service that can handle HTTPS requests and forward them to our key value service as HTTP.
    * Unless the 2 are co-located on the same server, we're still sending unencrypted messages over a network.
    * The additional service also adds some architectural complexity that we might prefer to avoid.
    * Instead, there is a TLS enabled variant of ListenAndServe that we can use(ListenAndServeTLS). http.ListenAndServeTLS(":8080", "cert.pem", "key.pem", nil)
* TLS wants the certificate to be signed by a certificate authority and doesn't like self-signed certificates. For testing purpose, we can add --insecure flag in the curl.