* Containers are not VMs, they share the host's kernel rather than carrying their own guest OS.
* Their isolation is provided by application of several kernel features including chroot, cgroups, and kernel namespaces.
* Containers are nothing more than a convenient abstraction. They allow an application, its dependencies and much of its environment to be packaged within a single distributable artifact - a container image - that can be executed on a single host.

Few more benefits:
* Agility:
    * Less memory footprints(MBs).
    * Startup times in milliseconds. Particularly true for go applications, whose binaries have few, if any dependencies.
* Isolation:
    * Containers virtualize CPU, memory, storage, and network resources at OS level. This provides developers with a sandboxed view of the OS that is logically isolated from other applications.
    * But how does isolation help?
* Standardization and Productivity:
    * Make our deployments reproducible, predictable and versionable.
* Orchestration
    * By containerizing our application, we are taking first step towards it.

*************************************************************************************

**Docker Basics**
* Container image: An executable binary that contains your application runtime and its dependencies.
* When an image is run, the resulting process is the container.

Dockerfile: Build files that describe the steps required to build an image.

FROM
    * Specifies a base image that this build will extend, and will generally be a common linux distribution such as ubuntu or alpine.
    * At build time, this image is pulled a run, and the subsequent commands applied to it.

RUN 
    * Will execute any commands on top of the current image. The result will be used for the next step in dockerfile.

EXPOSE
    * Tells docker which ports the container will use.

CMD
    * The command to execute when a container is executed. There can be 1 CMD in a dockerfile at max.
    * There might not be even a single CMD. 

*************************************************************************************

**Building your container image**
* docker build --tag my-nginx distributed-key-val-store/Docker/nginx.Dockerfile
    unable to prepare context: context must be a directory
* docker build --tag my-nginx distributed-key-val-store/NginxDocker
* At the end, you will see a line like: Successfully tagged my-nginx:latest.
* On running docker images, you should see both ubuntu and my-nginx.(but only able to see my-nginx).